hair loss isn't just a man's problem the
women deal with this too and they find
it harder to cover up but now they can
have the hair they've always dreamed
about and more of it better nationals
Jennifer Herron explains most women
would love a head of hair like this
about forty percent of us deal with some
form of thinning most common as female
pattern tanning and that is usually
caused through genetics it can come from
mother father side it can come from
several generations back or they can be
the first to have the mutation of that
gene hormones thyroid problems
autoimmune disease and chemotherapy can
also cause hair loss but you don't have
to hide under a hat anymore hair
prosthesis Institute can customize hair
for you and no one ever has to know it's
not your own I like to do human hair
we're all hair stylists were all good
colorist and we've worked in this from
years and this is my 40th year and hair
and this hair is from Russia why do we
go to Russia for human hair Russian hair
is a lot more like our own texture if
you have silky silky shiny bouncy hair
you need silky shiny bouncy hair to go
with that that's added into them to the
hair addition or it can be added into
the full piece if you need gone are the
days of a stiff wig thanks to a line of
hair pieces hair prosthesis Institute
offers called secure elegance you will
see a lot of this type hair in Hollywood
it because it has to be able to move and
bounce and and also withstand that style
and look totally natural I want to show
you this this is not like anything
you'll see here in Nashville and sit
with us you don't even see the noise the
kidding can tell that there's something
under there that looks like a scalp
mm-hmm the lining which is much like
pantyhose material doesn't feel
unnatural a plaster mold of the thinner
areas it's also made to give you a
perfect fit and you can use a curling
iron and hairspray or even pick from
several customized hair colors to make
the hair look as natural as possible we
do a lot of specialized coloring he
there we did route color on this because
no one has highlights and growing out of
their head the first step to getting the
lucky one is a consultation meeting to
discuss different options you don't
necessarily have to have a full wig or
design a small piece that can go just
directly into that area or we can do
micro points and we can add four hairs
to one hair of theirs with micro point
link the new hair is attached at the
root by using tiny knots another option
is the latest in laser technology the
European studies have shown that it
really increases the blood flow to the
hair follicle and which stimulates the
aircraft customers who have undergone
the treatment for a six-month period
have reported fuller shinier hair with
more body and when it comes to thinning
hair it is important to do something
sooner rather than later this lady is a
little bit more advanced than the first
one on the female pattern thinning it
can get to this point and this point
it's very degrading to have hair loss
especially for a woman and if you have
hair loss and you're restricted in your
lifestyle it's like living in bondage so
people say they have such a sense of
freedom once they've been here and we've
been able to do this in a way where they
could skydive if they wanted to they can
swim they can water-ski whatever they
want to do hair prosthesis institute is
located at 125 bail for a circle in
Nashville you can reach them by calling
the number right there on your screen
that's 615 662 8722 for more information
and a link to their website just visit
hours at better Nashville com